So when I goto, my typical day at work was different, depending on whether
I was at shore or on a C tour, typically in the Navy, short tours
or times of relaxation. In some ways she performed, you still have
responsibilities, but that the general idea is that you worked hard
at sea and now we're gonna give you a job that's not quite as demanding.
And perhaps you'd go home every night, starting with at in a
deployable squadron. There was always something that needed to be done,
and it seemed to always need to be done in a hurry. So you get to
work. I never found a reason that I absolutely had to be at work before
seven, maybe 7 30 That's one of the joys of being in the aviation
community. Uh, partially. I would kind of walk around, see what
was see what was going on. And this is regardless of what type of role
I had, uh, see what was going on. See, what if anything, needed my
attention immediately upon arrival, and then I would probably sit
down at my desk and check check some emails just to see who was in dire
need of our service is if I did not. If I had a flight to prepare
for, then I would show up pretty early. Usually if I had any. If I
had a flight, I would show up at least two hours before our brief time
to ensure that I, uh, was probably prepared. Not everyone felt that
way, but this was my routine. Um, we would typically have a flight
brief about two hours before we were going to take off, depending
on the type of flight we were doing on then. Then we would do all the
required pre flight routine, which was checking out their craft looking
and seeing if there's any maintenance issues that we need that
needed to be taken care of. Uh And then we'd start up and go fly for
about three hours and then come back and often times if you had a
flight. That total routine took up a good six hours your days trying
to get anything done around That was kind of difficult. And like I
said, it didn't matter if you were a junior officer, a department head
or anything like that. That's just the nature of the aviation game,
Um, and the focus of of deploy of in a deplorable squatters, always
being ready to deploy or getting somebody ready to deploy or waiting
for someone to get home and figuring out how you're going to incorporate
those people that particular deployed detachment back into
the squadron like any. Like any situation. If someone's gone for a
while and they come back, there's some growing pains, and you need to
figure out how to how to kind of figure that how to figure that out.
So there's a lot of dealing with that. As a department head, we had
to keep track of all the flight hours and all the qualifications
required, because a person's qualifications would dictate how deployable
they were. And the goal of every junior officer, in my opinion,
is to be as deplorable as possible, because if you are not deployable,
that someone else has to pick up the slack. So figuring that type
of stuff out was was pretty would occupied a lot of my attention throughout
a typical day. Usually I could, in a deployable squadron,
I could, you know, leave by six or seven PM if I wasn't flying but a
lot of times because of my level of qualification, I was flying it
up until 2 a.m. Andi, come back. If I was flying till 2 a.m. That means
that did not have to come into squad until the afternoon, Um, when
I was on shore tour. The responsibility is just different. So I was
responsible for training aviators and what we term advanced tactics.
And it was not a typical short tour because there were a lot of
demands on me. So when I said before about, you know is usually kind
of a reprieve? Not so when I was in Fallon, Nevada, Now that and that
it was because I was training people all the time. And I was either
individual individual being trained or air wings or groups that were
getting ready to deploy being trained and because it's pretty much
a revolving door of where of people coming in and out to be trained,
it required a lot of our time. Hours were erratic, and it was it
was very, very challenging. So in that particular situation, I was
still get there around seven or eight o'clock in the morning, and I'd
be done if no one was there around five. Otherwise I could be done
between seven o'clock or in the evening, too. 2 a.m. Some nights, it
just it just depended. And then, at the same time Ellis had had to
do flying on my short tour as well.